[sad music playing]
[Ali] No. Mom. We can do better than this.
[Marley] It's going underground.
what's the difference?
[Ali] He would've wanted something nicer.
Well. he should have thought
about that before he left us.
Lilies are a classic option.
Some prefer something
more exotic. like an orchid.
You can also spring for
a custom arrangement for the wreath.
We have an agreement
with the florist down the street.
They will work with you if you have
a design or color scheme in mind.
[sad music continues]
[Marley] Your father and I
weren't big on parties.
[Ali] He only gets one of these.
[Marley] Well. I just don't see
why it has to be such a big to-do.
[Ali] We hired caterers. Mom.
You don't have to actually do anything.
Having help is always more work.
They don't know where anything is.
- There's never enough food.
- There'll be plenty of food.
[sighs] This house isn't big enough
for so many people.
Well. Mel offered to host.
And how would that look?
Dad?
[theme song playing]
♪ A paper shadow in a house of stone ♪
♪ The wooden flag
Of a drifting dreamboat ♪
♪ I never knew
How far the ride was gonna go ♪
♪ Till I looked back at the smoke ♪
♪ You can't keep up with the Joneses ♪
♪ Don't wanna run for the roses ♪
♪ I got my pocket of posies ♪
♪ Sometimes I wonder why ♪
♪ I just don't run with the Joneses ♪
♪ Don't wanna smell the dying roses ♪
♪ I got my pocket full of posies ♪
♪ I don't keep up with the Joneses ♪
[inhales deeply. sighs]
[pastor] As we prepare to commit
our brother. Ronald Cooper.
to his final resting place.
I'd like to invite his daughter. Allison.
to honor her father with a song.
[breathes sharply. sniffles]
I used to play this song
when I was younger. [sniffles]
And it meant a lot to me.
I'd like to think
it meant a lot to him too.
[playing "Keep Me In Your Heart"]
♪ Shadows are fallin'
And I'm runnin' out of breath ♪
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪
♪ If I leave you it doesn't mean
I love you any less ♪
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪
♪ When you wake up in the mornin'
And you see that crazy sun ♪
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪
♪ There's a train leavin' nightly called
"When All is Said and Done" ♪
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪
♪ Lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo
Lo-lo-love ♪
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪
♪ Lo-lo-lo… ♪
[Coop] This is what happens.
You marry your high school sweetheart.
You have a couple kids.
You start making money.
It's not a lot.
but if you keep your nut small.
you can save for a rainy day.
And those do come.
So. you tell yourself
next year is the year you'll travel.
buy the nice car.
You get so accustomed
to postponing the reward.
you forget what it was
you wanted in the first place.
But that's all right.
At least you have your health.
Then. on a day like any other day.
you go to sleep. and you don't wake up.
And your carefully managed life
ends just like that.
with no warning
and no fanfare.
Laid to rest by a pastor
who's never even met you.
And knowing my father.
he would have been okay with that.
But I think he would've liked
to say goodbye.
[song ends]
[person] Andrew.
- I am so sorry for your loss.
- Oh. my goodness. Thank you so much.
- Thanks for being here. Appreciate it.
- Yeah.
[sighs]
[chattering]
I kinda always hoped
she'd die first. you know?
Let Dad have a few years to enjoy himself.
[Coop] Yeah. well. she never seemed
terribly happy about being alive.
What about you? You gonna be okay today?
Who. me? Oh. yeah. Why wouldn't I be?
[Coop] It's okay if you're not.
Thanks. But you don't have
to worry about me.
[inhales sharply] I'm sad…
[exhales sharply]
…but in the dead dad way.
Not the bipolar way.
Hey. Mel.
- You sang beautifully.
- [Ali] Thank you.
- And thanks for helping us out.
- Oh. yeah.
Your mom made me add and remove
the leaf to that table like four times.
- [scoffs] God.
- [Coop] Sorry.
- Will you take these upstairs. dear?
- [Mel] Oh. Of course.
- [Ali] Mom.
- [Mel] It's… It's fine.
- I'm happy to help.
- [chuckles] Good. I'm glad.
- because the caterer needs it.
- [Ali] Oh. she really doesn't.
[Marley] She doesn't even know
how to use a vegetable peeler.
[Ali] She knows how to prepare food. Mom.
She does it for a living.
- Ali.
- [Mel] It's not a problem.
I will drop these off and then go figure
out the whole peeler/non-peeler situation.
Why don't you let me take those upstairs?
- It's okay. I got it.
- [Coop] I can take 'em up.
Why don't you get yourself a drink
'cause I think you could use one?
[Coop] What?
You two don't behave
like a divorced couple.
- [Coop] Mom…
- You don't.
[guest] We're so sorry for your loss.
He loved you so much. It's been ages.
Honey. look at you.
[chuckles] You are a woman.
- [chuckles]
- Isn't she. Glen?
Am I allowed to say?
And you.
You are the spitting image
of your father at the same age.
[chuckles] You still doing the acting?
- Music.
- Right.
You know. my sister's brother-in-law
was off-Broadway once.
I should connect you two.
Again. not acting. [chuckles]
I think they sang too.
Didn't they sing. Glen?
Oh. there's Marley.
[stammers] Well. I'm sorry
about your grandpa.
Thank you.
[exhales sharply] How long
do you think we have to stay?
Oh. I think the whole time.
[sighs]
Oh. God. Mom keeps staring at me.
I can feel how badly
she wants to lecture me.
Okay. don't be a dick to her today.
You're taking her side?
I'm taking the side
of whoever's not being a dick.
[guest] Best trips I've ever taken!
We went in October. December and March.
[Coop] That is a lot of cruises.
- [chuckles]
- Mar… Marley should come this year.
She'll have a blast.
Well. good luck getting her on a boat.
I'm telling you. the singles scene
on these things pu-puts Florida to shame.
- [Coop] Is that so?
- Yeah.
- [Ali] Oh. wow.
- So we worked together for over 20 years.
and we did a Secret Santa
every Christmas.
[chuckles] We had a running gag
where no matter who got Ron.
they'd give him socks. [chuckles]
[chuckles] I don't… I don't get it.
Was it the socks?
Did they say something funny?
[stammers] No. [chuckles]
It was just a running gag.
[chuckling] Oh.
Ron was always a good sport about it.
[chuckles]
Andrew. Linda Marshall.
I play canasta with your mother.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
The Lord takes us when He takes us.
That is literally true.
You make such a lovely couple.
Oh. you're sweet.
but we've been divorced some time now.
Well… [chuckles]
…my daughter Emily is divorced.
I'll get you her number.
- Okay.
- [Ali] Who's that?
That's Hal Singer. Artie Stein.
and that's me over there looking like
I don't know my ass from my elbow.
Which one is my dad?
He wasn't there that day.
[sad music playing]
[Marley] …again and again.
but they just ignored me.
[Coop] Hey. you okay?
[inhales sharply] Yeah. I just miss him.
[Coop] You wanna step outside
and get some fresh air?
No. no. no. I'm fine.
You need to tap out of this anytime.
just tell me.
- No questions asked.
- [Ali] Thanks.
S-Same goes for you. [inhales sharply]
[exhales sharply] Coop.
- Hey. buddy.
- [Grace] Sorry we're late.
Yeah. we had to. uh. make a stop.
I threw up on his shoes.
Oh. well. uh… [chuckles]
…does that mean you're hungry?
Maybe a drink?
[grunts]
[Mel] Oh. Ali.
[Ali] Uh. I just need a minute.
[Mel] Hey. come here.
What happened?
My father died.
I really don't want a scene today.
Oh. my God. Mom. I am not making a scene.
You take your pills this morning?
- Jesus. Mom.
- I'm just saying.
[Ali exhales sharply]
How are you holding up?
Well. I'll be doing better
when all these people are gone.
Is that a smudge?
Maybe.
- [sighs]
- Here.
[exhales deeply] So. Nick is on TV now.
hmm? How's that going?
Oh. you know. we stopped
seeing each other a while ago.
Huh.
- [exhales sharply]
- You feeling all right. dear?
[whispering] Hot flash.
Hold this on the back of your neck.
- [exhales sharply]
- Thank you.
Women die twice.
God forbid we complain about it.
[Ali] Excuse me. Thank you.
- [Tori] You okay?
- Yeah. yeah.
if I stay down here. I'll just kill my mom
in front of all her guests.
And then we'll have to come back here
and do this all again next week.
[Tori] Hang on. I'll go with you.
How's she doing?
Which one?
- Exactly.
- [Ashe] Hey. Coop.
- Hey. brother.
- Hey… Oh. oh.
I'm so sorry.
- [Coop] Thank you.
- I brought you some Yamazaki.
[Hunter] Thanks for coming.
You didn't have to come.
- [Ashe] Are you kidding? Of course I did.
- [Hunter] Wanna go upstairs?
Times like these. you…
you shouldn't be alone.
Right. Well. uh…
things are moving ahead
with Bailey Russell.
We should have
the final paperwork next week.
[Ashe] Oh. we don't have to talk
about that right now.
What else are we going to talk about?
Andy. do you wanna keep
your father's hedge clippers?
If not. I'm gonna give them to Neil.
Neil can have them.
[Marley] And when you get a chance.
I'd appreciate it
if you would get that television set
off the living room wall.
- It's an eyesore.
- Maybe not today. Mom.
Well. when's the next time I'm gonna
have a house full of strong backs?
- You must be Mrs. Cooper.
- Mmm.
Hi. I'm Owen Ashe.
A very close friend of your son's.
- I'm so sorry for your loss.
- [Marley] Oh. thank you. dear.
I lost my wife. uh. a few years back.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Oh… [stammers]
…I'm not gonna sugarcoat it.
- Grief is a motherfucker.
- Oh.
[Ashe] The day of her funeral.
it hadn't hit me yet.
So. I kept looking at the door. thinking
that she was just gonna come walking in.
It was her house… [chuckles] …after all.
Yeah. you have your good moments.
and that makes the bad moments
land a little harder.
But. look. you got a wonderful family
and they love and support you.
- You-You'll be okay.
- Mmm.
Oh.
[Tori] How old is that?
- [Ali] Mmm. I don't know.
- [lighter strikes]
Pot doesn't expire. It's organic.
I don't think that's true.
[blows] It's good enough.
[sighs] What'd she do this time?
Well. apparently. everyone is allowed
to be sad except for me.
I can't even cry at my dad's funeral
without her wanting to lobotomize me.
I think she blames me for his death.
Why?
He was always worried about me.
[clears throat]
I didn't make it easy on him.
He loved you.
Yeah. I guess… [inhales deeply]
I don't like the idea that he was stressed
out his entire life because of me.
Please. She stressed him out
way more than you did.
[sighs]
You know. being the family fuckup
isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Being the golden child isn't any better.
[sighs] Sorry. Not to make it about me.
No. no. Please.
Say more.
I don't know. [sighs]
I guess I should've started
fucking up way sooner.
Yeah. that would've helped.
Do you ever wonder how easier
life would be if we were boys?
[sighs] And. like. mid.
Yeah. just two totally unremarkable dudes.
- We'd skate by.
- [blows]
Is that weed?
[blows]
[Nick] Man. when my dad died.
I think I was in shock for. like. a month.
- I guess I thought he'd live forever.
- Yeah.
Never thought I'd be that shocked again.
[inhales sharply] Then came Athens.
[chuckles] Nobody saw it coming.
Heart still breaks every time
I look at that bronze medal.
[Coop] All right. Okay.
I guess I'm saying it gets better. man.
But it also gets worse.
Thank you for that.
[Nick] No. Anytime.
When I die. I wanna be cremated.
No question.
I just don't get why anybody
would wanna be burned like trash.
Well. I'd rather be burned
than eaten by worms.
Plus. there's this thing now where
they can turn your remains into a diamond.
- [scoffs]
- Mmm.
[guest] You'd just be
carrying out my wishes.
- Still. I couldn't.
- [chuckles] I could.
If it came to quality of life.
I'd rip that cord right outta the wall.
Thanks. honey.
You know you don't
literally pull the plug. right?
You just make the call.
That's less enticing.
[Marley] Trust me.
you can wear it in his honor.
I've been researching
some of that antiaging stuff.
Testosterone. HGH.
[Lisa] I mean.
it's not as out there as people think.
I've been getting
vampire facials for years.
Vitamins. hormones. stem cell infusions.
[chuckles] Hey. you better believe.
I'll be talking my kids into pumping
their blood into my veins.
Why not. right?
Are you and Hunter the same blood type?
You should find out.
You should.
Diane had our plots picked out years ago.
Yeah. of course I did.
All the good spots get snapped up.
If I left it to him. we'd be buried
on opposite sides of the cemetery.
[chuckles]
[chuckles] That's why
they call it resting in peace.
[grunts. sips]
[sighs] Let's see here.
[Gretchen] You have to start taking
this stuff seriously. Coop.
Heart disease runs in families.
You're reaching that age. man.
And it's not like you've had
a stress-free life.
Finance guys keel over
at their desks all the time.
It's a thing. Remember Johnny Arruda?
- I think they would fit you perfectly.
- [Gretchen] He was fit.
- Ran marathons. CrossFit. everything.
- [guest] Uh. sure. thank you.
[Ashe] Learned everything I know from him.
But. uh… [blows] Yeah.
My dad was a bull in a china shop
everywhere he went.
This one time.
he noticed inventory was light. right?
So. he goes and checks into it.
figures it's a port-level issue.
So. he takes himself
all the way to Brooklyn Piers
in the middle of winter.
asks his guys what's going on. right?
No one's talking. okay?
So. he elbows his way
onto this massive freighter.
I'm talking about one of those huge ships.
Irina Class. 1.300 feet.
propellers like the size of your house.
Now. the guys start getting antsy because.
you know. they got a schedule to keep.
And this really pisses him off.
So. he-he storms into the bridge.
starts messing with the controls. right?
Trying to cut the engines. which I guess
is some sort of union violation.
because this huge Longshoremen's
Association motherfucker comes after him.
says. "You can't touch shit."
My dad gets in his face. yells at him.
"These are my men. these are my goods.
I'll touch whatever the fuck I want."
Somebody throws the first punch.
They get into it.
Long story short.
they both fall overboard.
Yeah. 80-foot drop into the river
and then… [exhales sharply]
…right under the hull.
Jesus. that's a horrible way to die.
Oh. no. My dad died at 78.
Stage four. colon cancer.
What are you gonna do?
[Ali] My Annie Lennox is missing. Fuck!
Oh. no. wait. Here it is. [chuckles]
- This tastes stale.
- It's organic.
The only reason I'm doing this
is 'cause you're mad at me.
And. you know. death.
- "It is decidedly so."
- [exhales sharply]
[phone chimes]
Goddamn it.
- What?
- This goddamn dog.
Wait. let me see.
Oh. Hi. buddy.
- Oh. are you a good boy?
- He's not a good boy.
He takes giant dumps on my lawn.
God. I've told these people
a million times.
please keep your dog off our lawn.
I don't think that's so much to ask.
to have your dog stay in your own yard?
You should see these people.
they're so fucking condescending
with their whole. like.
my-dog-is-my-child bullshit.
Really. would you have your kid
shitting all over my lawn?
What?
Mom. you sound unhinged.
I'm not unhinged. I'm totally hinged.
- Mmm.
- Okay.
- You're perseverating. [sighs]
- I regret teaching you that word.
I move out. and you go full Nextdoor narc.
Excuse me. how could I be a narc?
I'm literally doing drugs
with my daughter.
Is Mel a narc?
[laughs]
"Reply hazy. try again."
- It knows we're high.
- Uh-huh.
[sighs] You know what I need?
- A job. [sighs]
- A fuck.
- A life.
- Okay. wow. I was gonna say snacks.
Well. snacks are downstairs.
- It's too far.
- Yeah. No. that's a nonstarter.
["And Again" playing]
[Hunter grunts]
- Whoa. That's a first. [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
Help me up.
[Delilah yelps. chuckles]
[Ashe] Wow. It's such a beautiful photo.
But look at you.
You look like a young Grace Kelly.
Oh. shush.
- I mean it. Spitting image. My gosh.
- Oh. stop.
Bet you had to beat them away
with a stick. didn't you?
[both laughing]
[Coop] Hey.
These are from Bailey Russell?
Why is Jack sending you flowers?
- I'm doing a deal with him.
- With Jack? Are you kidding me?
Well. I'm on the other side of the table.
It's completely different.
The man screwed you.
I'm sorry. are you high right now?
What? [laughing]
No.
Well. okay. yes. But not like high high.
Why? Am I acting weird?
You know what? I don't care.
I'm not gonna apologize
because your mother…
- is a lot.
- Yeah. that she is.
She is all that and a bag of chips.
- What?
- [gasps] Do we have chips?
What happened here. bub?
- Nothing. I'm fine.
- Sweetheart. you are 16 years old.
You have got to get better at lying to me.
- He tripped.
- See? Like that.
Is Grandma pissed at us?
No. that's just her face
whenever I walk into a room.
You get used to it.
I'm not like that. am I?
Don't sell yourself short. Mom.
[exhales deeply]
Where's the TV?
Hey. Ho. What the fuck?
Hello. where are you going?
Wait. hold up. hold up. hold up.
- What's wrong?
- What the fuck are you doing?
Your mom asked us to take it down.
so we're bringing it to the garage.
No. she was mistaken.
Please. just… just put it back.
Uh… [stammers]
- Really? Jesus Christ.
- [Ashe] I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Give me the goddamn TV.
- Your mom seemed really sure about it.
She doesn't know
what the fuck she's talking about.
And I don't even know
what the fuck you're doing here.
- That's the grief talking.
- No. it isn't.
Look. it was an honest mistake. I'm sorry.
[Coop] Yeah. It's fine.
Is that my dad's belt?
Oh. yeah. Your mom gave it to me.
Said it looked nice with my suit.
Wow.
- [Ali] Andy.
- Where's Mom?
I don't know. She's around here somewhere.
What did I miss?
- Nothing. I just need to find her.
- I think you need to calm down.
- I'm fine.
- No. you don't look fine.
You look like you're about to
murder a widow with a flat screen.
and believe me. nobody wants that
more than me. but not today.
- Not today. Andy.
- Jesus. are you high too?
Yeah. you want some?
- It's s-stale but strong.
- No. thank you.
Okay. well. you need to take a break.
- What?
- Yeah. uh. tap out.
Go to your room.
I'll handle down the fort down here.
She's giving away his stuff.
Well. she's a real bitch on wheels.
but what's new?
- Ali… [exhales deeply]
- Go.
[groans]
[sighs]
[sad music playing]
[Coop narrating]
Cartier's Wax Seal Motif Cufflinks
are designed to look like
the burnt insignias
they used to seal letters with
back in the old days.
This was before licking envelopes
and text messages.
back when people still put periods
at the end of their sentences.
The family seal told you
who the letter was from.
It told the family who they were too.
or who they thought they were.
Only a fool would give Cartier cuff links
to a man who regularly shopped
the Brooks Brothers sale rack.
I doubt Ron Cooper even had
a shirt that took cuff links.
But it was his birthday.
and I wanted to give him something nice.
So I went with a pair
of $4.800 designer cuff links
that he. apparently.
never took out of the box.
Like all gifts. this one said more
about the giver than the recipient.
And I didn't love what it said about me.
[Ali] No. How dare you?
[Marley] I don't know why you have
to take everything so personally.
I take it personally because
you're attacking my person!
- What is going on here?
- I don't know. but we can't get out.
- What happened there?
- Nothing. I'm fine.
Hey. Mel. This is exactly like
what we were talking about upstairs.
- You were talking about me?
- Of course not.
- What's all this then?
- Just tell her what you told me.
You know what? This is a family matter.
I just don't think I should get involved.
No. you should not.
- Mom.
- What? She's not family anymore.
- Oh. okay.
- [Ali scoffs]
Wow. Okay. can we all just dial
the temperature down a little bit?
I have been biting my tongue
all goddamn day.
and she just keeps poking at me.
She pokes. It's a poke. a poke. a poke.
It's like she wants me to go off
so she can poke me about that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
My husband just died.
- [Coop] Okay. Ali. Ali. Ali.
- Oh. [blows raspberry]
- I think you need to tap out. okay?
- Me?
Why don't you go to your room.
take a deep breath. calm down and--
Coop. She's a grown woman.
You can't send her to her room.
I thought you said
you weren't getting involved.
I say a lot of things.
Hold on!
What in the sweet fuck are you doing here?
[stammers] Your mom invited us.
[scoffs] And you thought
it would be a good idea to come?
[Bruce] I assumed she cleared it with you.
No. she did not!
[sighs]
I'm really sorry about Ron.
He was a good man.
Oh. thanks. Bruce.
Now. why don't you just go fuck off?
- Hi. Joan.
- Allison.
God. I cannot believe
you would fucking invite him.
It's ancient history.
I just assumed we had all moved on.
Bruce certainly has.
Oh. if he had moved on.
he wouldn't have fucked me last year. huh?
- [guests gasping]
- Damn it. Ali.
Wait. wait. This is that Bruce?
Like. "Fuck Bruce" Bruce?
Ali. I thought he'd be way hotter.
- Ali…
- Tori. Excuse her. she's high.
What? [stammers]
You're getting high with the children now?
We had a breakthrough.
- [Coop] Oh. my God. Really?
- Yeah.
[Bruce] I think we should probably leave.
Yes. I-I think so too.
[Marley] Nonsense.
You just got here.
Are you fucking kidding me?
- Joan is my friend.
- [Coop] Okay. New… New plan.
New plan. Joan. please stay.
Bruce. kindly fuck off.
- I'm her ride.
- I swear to God. Bruce.
[Bruce] Okay.
[Grace retches]
[guests gasping]
- [Grace continues retching]
- [Barney] Oh. God. Oh.
- Get my hair. get my hair. Barney.
- Oh. I got it. I got it. You're okay.
Oh. my God. I'm so. so sorry.
- Can I get some water?
- Yeah. I got it.
[clamoring continues]
[Grace] Oh. God.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
["Things Behind Things
Behind Things" playing]
♪ I would like the feeling ♪
♪ I would like the feeling gone ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't like the way it's ♪
♪ I don't like the way it's ♪
♪ I don't like the way it's looking ♪
[sniffles]
♪ I get caught looking in the mirror
On the regular ♪
♪ What I see there resembles
Some competitor ♪
♪ I see things behind things
Behind things ♪
♪ And there are rings within rings
Within rings ♪
[song continues]
[song fades]
[alt rock music playing]
[clerk] What can I get ya?
- Size 12. please.
- Got it.
Okay.
Hi. Sorry. you were at the cemetery.
[chuckles] Elaine Naft.
- Hi. Uh. Andrew Cooper.
- I know.
Do you want to sit down?
Uh. sure. Yes. I'd love to.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
So. how did you know my dad?
- We were on a bowling team together.
- Huh.
We met every Thursday
for the past ten years.
I… I thought the bowling team
disbanded years ago.
We didn't let that stop us.
Oh.
I see. So. you. uh…
Does that shock you?
- He was a pretty straitlaced guy.
- [chuckles] He was.
He was also a lot of other things.
Is that so?
[chuckles]
He loved you very much.
I'm sure you know that.
Yeah.
He talked about you a lot.
You and your sister.
That's funny.
He never mentioned you at all.
[chuckles]
No. I don't suppose he would've.
So. what was the plan? You guys were
gonna run off together or something?
God. no. We were both too old for that.
I think we were…
just lonely in the same way.
And having each other…
well. it made things better.
Is it weird that it makes me
happy to hear that?
Honestly. I thought we'd have more time.
Yeah.
You and me both.
He worried about you. you know?
[stammers]
Well. I got into some trouble last year.
but I'm… It's all sorted out.
No. he worried about you before that.
He worried you might never be happy.
Is anyone?
I'd like to think he was.
Yeah. I don't know.
He took a lot of shit at home and at work.
I think sometimes
it felt like he had just given up.
[chuckles]
Is that funny?
You're exactly like he said.
What do you mean?
You're angry at the world.
Yeah. The world can be a shitty place.
Maybe.
Maybe there's something in you
that expects too much out of it.
So. I should just settle for less?
Like he did.
You think he settled?
I think he deserved more.
Ron's life might've looked small to you.
but the way he saw it.
he had his whole world under one roof.
That made him happy.
I already miss him.
You and me both. honey.
[inhales sharply. sighs]
You really believe that?
That he was happy?
I think he was happy by nature. [chuckles]
I think he found things to be happy about.
And for everything else.
there was bowling.
[sighing] Yeah.
[exhales deeply]
[inhales deeply. sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[sniffles]
[chuckles]
["Keep Me In Your Heart" plays on radio]
- [Tori] Mom in here?
- Yep.
Come on.
- Bye.
[Delilah] Bye.
[Marley crying]
[beeping]
- Hello.
- [clerk] How many?
Just three of us.
She's a size 3. he's a 9. I'm a 12.
[bowling pins clatter]
[songs ends]